It in this time is the book of days every time a variety of home
We introduce books
It's sudden but your calf
How is it
Please touch it for a moment
How is it hot
Is it cold
It will be hard if you try a little bit
Calf of the state is a good person I'm good physical condition I
Well, there is a person who doesn't feel well at that time, but it seems to be good to massage
If you want to introduce you today, please take a calf if you live long
It is a book of the right title
According to the author Takako Tsuji
It seems that if you massage the calf , blood flow will improve dramatically
This is because since the lower half of the body has attracted 70% of the blood
Unnecessary for the forward and backward by increasing the blood volume is the sound you want to will be discharged rapidly from the body
I look up skin condition
It is to say that I will come well-equipped
In fact, for example, it is this blood pressure or diabetes
Quite effective this calf massage is for anyone who wants poor circulation and whether the legs are a little sore
It looks like
Well yeah
By the way, what is the ideal calf?
Moderately warm without being cold or hot
It has elasticity like rubber
Soft like a freshly cooked porridge
There is tension on the skin
There is no lump in the back of the skin when touching
No pain when pressed with a finger
It looks like it's a little bit your calf
Hey What I try to touch
No, hey hey
If you are thinking that you're playing hard or something, read this book.
Is not it
1 minute
Well 1 day 3 minutes because of ok
It seems to be a massage This book actually has a lot of photos on it
In easy to understand
a
It seems that it is commented, and from the person who actually read and massage this book
Seems to have arrived but
If the 62-year-old woman
Blood pressure dropped by 20 in 3 days with only 5 minutes
After is incredible this is towards the 69-year-old woman
I have been struggling for 20 years
The effect of this book is outstanding and the number of cramps has been steadily reduced
But is it from so I'm a person of the female towards the 8 hours or more Suva fine without the work of 46-year-old
Toka neck Emergent how Toka flattery really entrenched in Kutch Kachi as put a plate of iron
It was dead
However, when I try to massage this calf, I am surprised to fly
You said you wanted to go to
Well I Tteyuu want to go to the toilet Kotonan that I feel that once waste has left
Right
You say your body is very light
It is that there is voice called and other to be poor circulation and swelling has improved has arrived
Anyone who Naa stiff little softening shoulder Naa body is not clean by all means take this book in hand
How about a massage with a calf
We introduced today
It is published from the place of a ascom
I introduced a long-lived baby if you saw a calf
book of days encounter with this book is a happy event for you
will become